this is my recipe for warm Turkish
potato salad I love this I actually
married into a Turkish family and this
is one of their favorite recipes I've
done a slight twist with this one but
I'm really sure you're going to enjoy it
you can either use Jersey royal potatoes
or actually for this dish i'm using
Annja don't worry you don't have to peel
them there are funny-looking potato but
they have a gorgeous nutty flavor and
add a very different texture to the dish
so let me just talk you through the
ingredients we've got the potatoes
either Jersey royal or Annja i'm also
using six spring onions chopped up a
nice handful of fresh mint chopped up
the juice of two lemons you need a
couple of eggs for this some extra
virgin olive oil and a little bit of
salt and I use Maldon sea salt for this
I believe that's the best one to use so
first of all I'm just going to put the
potatoes in to boil and then we'll pop
it all together I add the eggs in at the
same time to save on the washing up so
the potatoes and the eggs have been
bubbling away for about 20 minutes I
then run them under the cold tap just
call them down a little bit you don't
burn your fingers when you're handling
them now we just chop the potatoes up
you'll see that the skins are still
intact with they're nice and soft on the
inside and then try and eat this the
first time while it's still warm but
then you can pop it into the fridge and
have it later on or another day cold
that's fine I've just shelled the eggs
and they just really need roughly
chopping and adding in with our potatoes
it's now just a case of putting all the
other ingredients in and mixing it up so
I've got the potatoes and the egg I'm
going to add the lemon juice and next
the lovely mint and finally the spring
onions and next you're going to need you
four tablespoons of extra virgin olive
oil this is really important because
this binds all these lovely flavours of
the mint and the egg and the spring
onion to the potatoes and then it draws
the flavor in and makes them absolutely
extra scrum e and finally you need a
couple of pinches of salt so now it's
just a case of mixing it all together
i'm going to use spoons which i might
end up using my hands you can be quite
rigorous with your mixing these potatoes
will become really nice and soft around
the edges and that works them all in
really well together so you're not
looking for perfectly formed shaped
pieces of potato you want it all to go a
little bit mushy and make sure you get
right to the bottom of the bowl because
that's where all the lemon juice and the
olive oil will sit so there you have it
my warm Turkish salad you can serve it
up into a nice pretty posh bowl if you
like but actually this in my household
would last about five minutes and
probably be eaten straight from this
bowl I hope you enjoy it
you